Haojun
How dare you use the copied silver to build the Yao Tai
for your own enjoyment
My love
Can you not be scared by being cheap at every turn?
bluff
If you don't tell me about the ugly conspiracy today
I will never let you go.
Your Majesty, this is to make the people rich
Let the fathers of the people come
He collects melons knowing that they are high.
Even if you collect melons
It's all knowing Minggao
Can you give it back to them?
That can't be used to build a Yao Tai for you to have a little fun?
Sister misunderstood
Your Majesty built the Yao Tai in the way of leading the formation
People get paid to work
With money, they can eat and wear clothes
It's called taking from the people and using it for the people
He will be so kind
Then I will take back the success.
Don't make it hard for you to do a good thing
Is it so unbearable in your eyes?
Unbearable
So why are you sending small letters?
Your Majesty, we need to invest in infrastructure to drive the economy
What is infrastructure driving the economy?
The court needed manpower and raw materials to build the Yao Tai
When raw material producers have a business, they hire people
People will spend when they earn money
This way, more companies will emerge on the market
Our court collects commercial taxes
Invest in Yaotai again
It's a virtuous circle in the economy.
I see
I didn't expect this Air Force to know a lot
I just moved slightly
In fact, I know better
Su Girl Jin Gen Dongxuanzi
What is Su Girl Jin Gen Dongxuanzi?
You come to the mountain room at night
I call you alone